# Employee assignment

(The problem's name is changed a little).

The Innovative Consumer Products Company (ICPC) is planning to start a top-secret project. To make this project easier, ICPC breaks it into `s` subprojects, each of them will be maintained by 1 group, so totally there will be `s` groups. Because this project is started from the beginning, ICPC needs to form new groups.

There are `b` (`b > s`) employees (this is "branch" in the original problem, I changed the word to make it easier to understand) in ICPC and ICPC need to assign each employee into exactly one group. The employees in each group work independently with each other, but they also need to know the other member's works in the group, so at the end of each month, each of them will send a message to one every other member in their group. 

But this project is "top-secret", so the message will not be sent directly. First, the sender needs to send the message to the headquarter. The headquarter will instantly check the message for some security reason. After that, the message will be sent to the receiver.

Sending message will cost time, and the ICPC networks can only process 1 message at one time, that is, a new message can be sent only after the current message is successfully sent. Your task is to assign b employees into s groups, so the total times to send all the messages is minimized.

The ICPC network has `n` nodes, numbered from 1 to `n`. The `i-th` employee works at `i-th` node and the headquarter is at the `(b+1)-th` node. The network is connected by `r` one-way connections. A message will be sent between 2 nodes by the fastest route in the network.

Note that the message can be sent through the receiver or the other employees' node. It is doesn't matter because they work on the same project.

## Input
The first line of input contains four integers `n`, `b`, `s`, and `r`, where `n` (`2 <= n <= 5000`) is the number of nodes, `b` (`1 <= b <= n − 1`) is the number of employees, `s` (`1 <= s <= b`) is the number of subprojects,
and `r` (`1 <= r <= 50000`) is the number of connections.

Each of the next `r` lines contains 3 numbers `u, v, l`, indicating a connection from node `u` to node `v` (`1 <= u, v <= n`) and the time to send a message with this connection is `l` seconds (` 1 <= l <= 10000`). No ordered pair `(u, v)` appears more than once, and from any node, it is possible to reach every other node.

## Output
For each test case, display the minimum total times to send all the messages.

## Sample tests:
### Test 1:
Input

    5 4 2 10
    5 2 1
    2 5 1
    3 5 5
    4 5 0
    1 5 1
    2 3 1
    3 2 5
    2 4 5
    2 1 1
    3 4 2

Output

    13
    
Explaination: we can assign the first and forth employees into the first group, and the rest will be assign into the second. The time to send the message:

- From 1 to 4: 1 + 4 = 5.  (from 1 to the headquarter is 1, from the headquarter to 4 is 4).
- From 4 to 1: 0 + 2 = 2.
- From 2 to 3: 1 + 2 = 3.
- From 3 to 2: 2 + 1 = 3.

So the answer is 13.

### Test 2:
Input

    5 4 2 10
    5 2 1
    2 5 1
    3 5 5
    4 5 10
    1 5 1
    2 3 1
    3 2 5
    2 4 5
    2 1 1
    3 4 2
    
Output

    24
    
Explaination: we group the first, second and third into one group, and the forth into one group. In the first gropu, each employee need to send 2 messages.
